Positive affirmations for mums

Being a mum is enough.
You are always, always enough.

There is peace and love in my home, even in the midst of chaos.
I will let go of how I think today is supposed to go and accept how it imperfectly happens.
Just as the needs of my children matter, so do my own.
I trust my intuition to make intentional parenting choices and decisions.
I am capable of amazing things if I believe it to be true and act.
I am brave and courageous for trying even when I think I can't do it.
I accept where I am in life and will make the most of today.
In the eyes, mind and heart of my child, I am a good mum.
Today I will find peace in being good enough because perfection is impossible.
Everything thing I do serves a purpose for my family.
Taking care of myself makes me a better mum because I parent from abundance, not from lack thereof.
I give myself permission to do something to nurture ME
I am a good mum, even as I work to become a better one.
I am the exact parent my child needs to blossom so I don't need to compare myself to others.
There is peace and love in my home, even in the midst of chaos.
I am grateful for the time with my kids today.
My family appreciates and loves me, even when they forget to tell me so.
I will do my best as a mum, and that will always be enough.
Motherhood is not made up of one success or failure, but rather by the sum of my parenting choices.
I forgive myself for being an imperfect parent. Today I will let go of the guilt weighing on my shoulders.
Giving my child time and attention is more important than giving them material things.
I am what my child needs. Worrying about what others think only distracts me from being the parent I need to be.
Today I will love fiercely, laugh freely and live courageously. I can never get today back.
One bad day does not make me a bad mum. One bad day makes me human.
Taking care of myself is a responsibility I will model to my children without guilt.
Establishing personal boundaries and sticking to them helps me remember that I am important too.
The best mums are the ones who struggle the most. It means they care enough do better.
I will push through challenges so that my struggles today will become my strengths tomorrow.
A successful relationship with my child is not defined by what we have but by the time we spent together.
I will let go of how I think today is supposed to go and accept how it imperfectly happens.

If I do nothing today besides hug my kids, then I've done enough.
I'm not the perfect mother, but I'm exactly the one my children need.
Today I will see the best in my child and the best in myself.
The decisions made by other mums do not need to dictate mine.
I have been called to motherhood -- the most powerful calling in the world.
I respect my children; I respect myself.
Being a good mum takes courage, and today I'm feeling brave.
My mothering body is beautiful.
Today I will be the type of person I would like my children to become.
There's value in showing my kids my vulnerability.
Not loving every moment of motherhood doesn't mean I don't love being a mum.
I will teach my child by example more so than by advice.
There is no such thing as "just a mum."
I accept my children just as they are.
I love my kids even when I don't particularly like them.
Today I will be an intentional parent.
I am a blessing to my family.
As I teach my kids today, I'll also be open to the lessons they can teach me.
I'm grateful for my life as a mum.
I love my kids, which means I'm doing just fine.

I am enough.
I am beautiful, fit, and strong.
I am creating a life that I love.
I am doing a great job with the tools I have available to me.
I listen to my heart and do what is best for my family and me.

I am the exact mother my children need to blossom, so I do not need to compare myself to other mothers.
In the eyes, mind, and heart of my child, I am a good mum.
Today I will find peace in being good enough because perfection is impossible.
Everything I do serves a purpose for my family.
Taking care of myself makes me a better mum because I parent from abundance, not from lack thereof.
I give myself permission to do something to nurture me.
I am the best mum for my children.
I am the calm in the chaos.
I am grateful for the time I have with my kids today.
Just as the needs of my children matter, so do my own.
I trust my intuition to make intentional parenting choices and decisions.
I am brave and courageous for trying even when I think I can't do it.
My family appreciates and loves me, even when they forget to tell me so.
I will do my best as a mum, and that will always be enough.
Motherhood is not made up of one success or failure, but rather by the sum of my parenting choices.
I accept where I am in life and will make the most of today.
I am doing the best I can.
The right decisions are coming to me easily now.
I release the need for perfection.
I choose to be calm and centered, regardless of the situation.
I forgive myself for being an imperfect parent. Today I will let go of the guilt weighing on my shoulders.
Giving my child time and attention is more important than giving them material things.
I am what my child needs. Worrying about what others think only distracts me from being the parent I need to be.
Today I will love fiercely, laugh freely and live courageously. I can never get today back.
One bad day does not make me a bad mum, only human.
I will push through challenges so that my struggles today will become my strengths tomorrow.
A successful relationship with my child is not defined by what we have but by the time we spent together.
I will let go of how I think today is supposed to go and accept how it imperfectly happens.
It's okay to take care of myself and my needs too.
It's okay to ask for help.
The time I am investing in my children matters.
My children do not need me to be perfect; they just need me.
I will treasure my children as the unique individuals they are.
Our home is a safe and peaceful haven.
Everything is working out for my highest good.
I am more than enough.
I am lovable and deeply loved.
Loving my children is more important than loving every moment of motherhood.
I am a good mum, even as I work to become a better one.
I take care of my body, mind, and soul.
I trust my intuition to guide me in the right direction at all times.
I love and accept myself exactly as I am.
I am never in a rush; my timing is perfect.
I am grateful for the abundance in my life.
My life is beautiful.
I breathe and relax knowing the universe supports me.
I am powerful and strong.
Only good lies before me.
I am tuned in to my needs and prioritize self-care.
I make time for the things I enjoy.
Taking care of myself is a responsibility I will model to my children without guilt.
Establishing personal boundaries and sticking to them helps me remember that I am important too.
I am becoming the best version of myself.
I am perfectly healthy in body, mind, and spirit.
All my needs are met with ease.
Today I am strong and healthy.
I choose carefully what goes onto my calendar.
I release the need to dwell on bad feelings.
This too shall pass.
I am worthy of love and admiration.
I take exquisite care of myself.
I am a brilliant, beautiful woman.
One task at a time is enough.
I draw on the support that surrounds me, in whatever form.
Peace and joy are filling my life.
I love being a mum.
I will do what I can and nobody expects me to do it all.
I exude strength, grace, and flexibility.
Today I allow time for self-care and rejuvenation.
Today I choose joy.
I can communicate my needs and feelings.
There is peace and love in my home, even in the midst of chaos.
I do not need to control my children, only gently and lovingly guide them.

I do not need permission to feel glorious.
I am doing my best as a mum and that is enough.
I am the best mother for my children; I was born to be their mother.
I am important in the lives of my children.
By allowing myself to be happy, I inspire my family to be happy as well.
Mistakes and setbacks are stepping stones in my motherhood journey because I learn from them.
Happiness is my choice.
Only I can give my children a happy mother.
I am a blessing to my children.
I am doing an amazing job.
"A mother's love liberates." -- Maya Angelou
I am my child's lifelong teacher.
I trust my maternal intuition.
I will talk about myself the way I would my best friend.
I am learning to be a better mother with each new day.
Today I will notice the positive aspects of motherhood.
"The strength of motherhood is greater than natural laws." -- Barbara Kingsolver
I will take care of myself in order to be a good mother.
"There is such a special sweetness in being able to participate in creation." -- Pamela S. Nadav
I am grateful for my ability to create life.
I will remember to put my oxygen mask on first.
I choose to take care of my self.
I will have fun doing the mundane today.
I deserve to put my feet up and relax.
I will be kind to myself.
I become a more confident mother with each new day.
Being a mother makes me feel beautiful.
Being a mother has shown me how strong I am.
I am raising adults who will contribute to the good of society.
Motherhood reveals my strengths to me.
I will play with my children today.
I will make memories with my children and ignore the dirty dishes.
The decisions made by other mums do not need to dictate mine or how I feel about myself as a mother.
There is no such thing as "just a mum".
My children will remember the time we spend together, not what they were given.
I love my children even on the days I don't particularly like them.
My children love me and are thankful for me, even when they don't say it.
I will show my children what it means to take care of yourself.
I will build into myself so that I can parent from a place of rest and happiness rather than exhaustion and bitterness.
"I know how to do anything -- I'm a mum." -- Roseanne Barr
I will not worry about small details today.
I will turn away from judgement today.
"There is no influence so powerful as that of the mother." -- Sarah Josepha Hale
My children do not care about my flaws.
I do not expect to be a perfect mother.
I will leave my expectations for today and what it should look like at the door.
I will embrace the here and now.
This too shall pass.
I am calm and peaceful under pressure.
My children will feel accepted and loved unconditionally by me.
I have feelings that deserve to be recognized.
Asking for help does not mean I'm a failure.
My imperfections today are not important.
"Never look back... it distracts from the now." -- Edna Mode, Incredibles
Today is just one day.
As I teach my kids today, I will also be open to the lessons they can teach me.
My family sees the best in me.
Every challenge I face make me stronger as a mother.
I will show my children how to advocate for kindness and justice.
I am more than enough.
I am lovable and deeply loved.
I take care of my body, mind, and soul.
I love and accept myself exactly as I am.
I am unwavering in my love for my children.
It's going to be okay.
